                                                  DOCUMENT OBJECT  

The document object represent a web page that loads in the browser.we can acces the elements in HTML page with the help of document objects we can add dynamic content to our page 

        SYNTAX:
        document.property_name
        
        Properties of document:

1.activeElement:
                it returns the currently active elements in the document.
2.body:
        it returns the contents of the body element.
3.cookie:
          it return the cookie of the current document.
4.title:
        it return the title element of the document.
5.domain:
          it returns the domain name of the document server.
 6.URL:
        it returns the complete url of the document.
7.head:
        it return the head element of the document.
8.design mode:
              it controls whether the entire document should be editable or not.
9.doctype:
          it returns the document type declaration associated with the document.
10.getElementById():
                    it returns the element that has the id attribute with the specified value.
                    
                                                    WINDOW OBJECT
                                                    
 The window object is the top most object of the DOM hierarcy.it represents the browser window that displays the contents of the web page. 

               SYNTAX:
               window.property_name;
               
            properties of the window:
1. console:
           it returns a reference to the console object which provides access to the browser debugging console.
2.controllers:
              it returns the XUL controllerobjects for the current chrome window.
3.Document:
           it returns a reference to the document object of that window.
4.frames[]:
           it represents an array that contains all the frames of agiven window.
5.History:
          it provides information of the URL visited in the current window.
6.Length:
          it represents the number of frames in the current window.
7.Location:
           it contains the URL of the current window.
8.Name:
        it contains name of the referenced window.
9.Screen:
          it refers to the screen object.
10.window:
          it returns the current window or frame.